WCAG workflow:
when working on a website's fonts and colors, ensure fonts and colors are ADA accessible. They need to pass two WCAG 2 AAA ratios, each for different sizes of text. at least 7:1 for normal text (under 18pt/24px or 14pt/18.66px bold) and 4.5:1 for large text (18pt+ or 14pt+ bold) To verify this without guessing, you are to use the handy-dandy github repo located at https://github.com/mdhnpm/color-contrast-ratio-calculator. clone that into workingfolder/wcag-aaa-test/. You then need to use the appropriate standard that will accommodate the smallest text on the website across the whole website. Note that there needs to be one color theme across the whole website. Then we will do a looped workflow of editing and approving colors. This is done with CSS edits as well as playwright screenshots. After every CSS color edit is complete, use a playwright test in workingfolder/wcag-aa-test/playwright/ to generate screenshots of three important-yet-different parts of the website. Remember those three screen states for future playwright testing in this workflow. Ensure the test finishes, and Share those three screenshots with me as well as quoting the relevant color lines from CSS. I will either approve the color choices or tell you to edit the color choices. If those edits don't meet the standard you selected based on smallest font size (as calculated by color-contrast-ratio-calculator), tell me it doesn't meet standards, and tell me what changes need to be made to each color. If the colors I suggest do meet standards, run the playwright color test again and generate the 3 screenshots from the same parts of the website you remembered. If I approve the screenshots, please use those colors as the new colors for the website, and save all CSS files with the new colors. If I reject the screenshots, I will offer new colors. Put my new colors through the color-contrast-ratio-calculator, generate screenshots, and we'll do approvals again. You can see the multi-faceted looping structure of this workflow.The WCAG AAA standards are not meant for video elements like Plyr or Youtube players that have dynamic video backgrounds or backgrounds with dynamic colors beyond the control of the website code. Once the second consecutive final approval is given (the approval of the finished product) and a playwright test is completed to verify the functionality of the site, the workflow is done. Add the color-contrast-ratio-calculator to git ignore and sftp ignore before you finish with your response. Then you are finished with the workflow.